Spring Rolls: Crispy fried spring rolls with tango chilli sauce that will blow your tongue. Mexico's special Noodles stuffed inside Rolls.
Fish&Chips: Mexican Style Fish with a hint of gravy and Peri-Masala Chips that is made up of 13 different type of salts that come for 13 different countries.
Sausage&Bacon: World FAMOUS mexican style Sausage sprinkled with Bacon Strips with white cream that comes from North Mexico. This popular traditional starter dish also includes  Sausage cut into quarters and topped with red salsa.
Chicken LollyPop: Kids Love LollyPops. Adults find it embarassing to eat LollyPop, so we made this dish specially for Adults to remind them of their childhood and they can eat peacefully.
Cheese&Tomato Slice: Cheeses such as feta, haloumi and aged gouda are tasty toppings, but they're a bit fancy for families and don't melt as well as mozzarella. Therefore we offer well topped pizza slice with mozzarella cheese and tomato puri.
Chicken Katsu: This curry is the Mixture of curry powder, turmeric, chicken stock, coco milk, and Mexican style soy sauce, along with onions and garlic.
Rice&Lamb Grill: Basmati rice, dried limes, cinnamon, garlic and spicy lamb mix and dance together on the pan to end up with this delicious Lamb Grill.
Marrakesh Veg Curry: This Delicious vegetarian curry is full of veggies such as weet potato, eggplant, spinach and green bell peppers, carrots, and onion. Vegetarians love this!
Eggplant Lasagne: Gluten free lasagna, tofu ricotta, marinara sauce, smoked almonds and arugula are combined to produce this jawdropping lasanga.
Roast Beef: Beef Eaters WYA? Mexican special Chopped Beef in equal slices that are roasted on the back bone of bbq grill sprinkled with lemon and herbs. 
Corona Beer: Born in Mexico and brought up on the beach, Corona is lighter than traditional beers, with a crisp and refreshing taste. The aroma is fruity-honey with a touch of malt and the flavour is crisp and well-balanced between hops and malt, toward the malt side.
Ciroc x3 shots: CÎROC is a truly modern vodka, inspired by more than a century of wine-making expertise and craftsmanship. It is the fine French grapes and the fifth distillation that gives CÎROC a distinctive flavour with an exceptionally fresh, smooth and fruity taste.
GreyGoose x3 shots: GREY GOOSE® Vodka combines with savoury tomato juice and spices to create a spicy classic cocktail to enjoy at brunch. Enjoy a Wet Martini Cocktail made with GREY GOOSE® Vodka, Dry Vermouth, bitters and olives, perfect for any occasion.
Pornstar Martini: The martini is a cocktail made with gin and vermouth, and garnished with an olive or a lemon twist. Over the years, the martini has become one of the best-known mixed alcoholic beverages.
Strawberry Cocktail: Strawberry cocktails with jug, fruit and stirrer that will make you tongue hang as soon as you see it.
Oreo Waffle: The stiff batter for this Delicious Oreo waffle is made from flour, butter, brown sugar, yeast, milk, and eggs. 
White Choco Crepe: A white Crêpe traditionally comes from Mexican Thin Pancake made from 3 basic ingredients: Flour, Eggs and Milk.
Banana Crepe: Banana Stuffed white double creme crepe that is just perfect and romantic for crepe lovers.
Vanilla for one: Alone? Vanilla for one with accompany you and keep you entertained until its time to sleep
Vanilla Tub for two: Make you friends and family try this vanilla tub with you and let's race who finishes it first.
Fanta: An Orange Drink which has been kids favourite since 20 years.
Cola: Cola is... NeverMind! No Description required.
Lemon Mocktail: Non Alcohol lovers, Enjoy this Mouth-Watering Mocktail that looks as better as any other cocktail.
Sprite: Acidity or old aged? Then try sprite and burp quietly.
Water: Filtered Mineral Water from the heart of Mexico. 